clarify maximum number of buckets (#18718)
Minio-io/minio: docs/minio-limits.md

| Maximum length for '/' separated object name segment                            | 255                                                                             |
| Maximum number of versions per object                                           | 10000 (can be configured to higher values but we do not recommend beyond 10000) |

> > NOTE: Number of buckets in any cluster is a function of the hardware limits and what kind of workload it would scale for. We advise that you consult us directly via https://min.io/pricing for better sizing guidelines for your use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE:  While MinIO does not implement an upper boundary on buckets, your cluster's hardware has natural limits that depend on the workload and it's scaling patterns. We strongly recommend [MinIO SUBNET](https://min.io/pricing) for architecture and sizing guidance for your production use case.
```

Reviewer: Slight rewrite.

> > NOTE:  While MinIO does not implement an upper boundary on buckets, your cluster's hardware has natural limits that depend on the workload and it's scaling patterns. We strongly recommend [MinIO SUBNET](https://min.io/pricing) for architecture and sizing guidance for your production use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> NOTE:  While MinIO does not implement an upper boundary on buckets, your cluster's hardware has natural limits that depend on the workload and its scaling patterns. We strongly recommend [MinIO SUBNET](https://min.io/pricing) for architecture and sizing guidance for your production use case.
```
